Add resize and resizeByScales functions (#34)
NeverBlink-OSS/rdf-tensor: docs/index.md

---

#### `tensor:resize`

??? info "Resizing functions"

    The functions starting with `tensor:resize` resize a tensor to a different shape by interpolating values. These functions both accept a common set of optional configuration arguments dispatched left-to-right by XSD type and (for mode-dependent arguments) by the value of `mode`:

>     1. If the next argument is `xsd:string`, it is taken as the interpolation _mode_. Default: `"linear"`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    1. If the next argument is `xsd:string`, it is taken as the _interpolationMode_. Default: `"linear"`.
```

? 

was inconsistent

    2. If the next argument is `xsd:string`, it is taken as the _coordinateTransformationMode_. Default: `"half_pixel"`.

>     3. If _mode_ is `"nearest"` and the next argument is `xsd:string`, it is taken as the _nearestMode_. Default: `"round_prefer_floor"`. Consumed only when _mode_ is `"nearest"`.

Reviewer: then the mode needs to be renamed here... IMO it's better for readability
